There was once a boy named Curioso. Curioso loved to go outside, take in nature, and learn about his surroundings. He had a loving family who always supported his curiosity and always answered his many questions about the world. 
	One day, while playing in his backyard, Curioso found a little hole in the far corner of his family’s property, almost completely out of sight. It appeared to be a deep burrow, and the closer he got, the deeper it seemed to loom down. The thing is, it was only just wide enough for Curioso’s little frame to enter. 
	Curious as ever, Curioso carefully lowered himself into the burrow, using roots and rocks to climb to the bottom. After a couple of minutes, his feet hit the ground and he noticed that the hole lead to a large open area, lit only by the little opening from which he climbed, and a small flickering light coming from the far end of the open area. Curioso began to investigate and slowly walked towards the flickering light. As he got closer he noticed that he heard the light sound of breathing and could start to see the figure of a dog-sized creature. Suddenly, he realized what he was seeing. It was a baby dragon blowing teeny flames out of its nostrils!
	Scared but excited, Curioso quietly exited the burrow and ran to his parents to tell him the news of his amazing discovery. He was extremely proud, knowing that his parents would be overjoyed to know that their son had discovered a creature that was previously thought to be a myth. His parents’ reaction, however, was quite dismissive.
	“Don’t be silly, Curioso. Dragons don’t exist. It says it right here in the science book that we bought you”, they said. Surprised at their uncharacteristic response, Curioso lead them out to the burrow and explained to them how he climbed down and found the sleeping dragon. 
	“You do realize that neither your mom nor I can fit into that”, his father said looking down the hole, “Why are you lying to us? Is this some kind of joke?”. 
Curioso then began to become angry, shouting “Just because that stupid book you gave me says dragons don’t exist doesn’t mean it’s true!” 
His parents wouldn’t have it and sent him to his room as a punishment for his outburst. An hour or two later, they told him to come out and introduced him to a burly man who they called Dr. Genio. 
“Dr. Genio is a real scientist and can probably help explain to you why dragons don’t exist as long as you don’t start yelling again”, they told him. Dr. Genio then explained that dragons couldn’t exist because if they did, somebody would have seen one and showed it to a scientist by now. “Besides”, he said “Your own science book says they don’t exist right here.”
Annoyed again by the disbelief of the others, Curioso lead Dr. Genio to the burrow and told him how he climbed down and saw the dragon.
“How convenient that you’re the only one who can fit down this hole”, Dr. Genio said condescendingly, “What is the point of going through all this effort just to lie to your parents?” 
Curioso lost his temper again and shouted “I’m NOT lying! I’m just saying what I saw! If you would just listen, I could explain myself!”
That was the last straw for his parents. They decided the only way to fix this was to get psychiatric help. They set up an appointment the next day, and, believing that Curioso himself had dug the hole, filled it up to prevent Curioso from embarrassing himself more. When he came home from his appointment, he was devastated to discover that the dragon had probably suffocated in the hole due to its refilling. He was comforted, however, by his parents who had decided to forgive him for his transgressions and make him his favorite meal for dinner.
He stayed angry with his parents for a while but in the weeks to come, he finally decided that the dragon was probably all in his head. After all, it said so in all of his textbooks and it wouldn’t really make sense for all of them to be wrong and him to be right. He was glad his parents had prevented him from getting too carried away with his fantasy, and later apologized to Dr. Genio for his rudeness.

The End
